tracy jackson: There.
iPhone: Can you hear me.
iPhone: Can you hear me okay
iPhone: Oh, I can't hear anything.
tracy jackson: See
tracy jackson: So it says. It says it's working on my end.
iPhone: It's just really, it's, it's almost silent. It's on the it's the super quiet.
tracy jackson: I am as loud as I can go. Can you turn up on the phone or put headphones on, maybe
iPhone: Yeah, I'm not the man, if you don't mind me putting my ear to it. Maybe I'll do it that way.
tracy jackson: Okay.
iPhone: Is that better. Let's try that.
iPhone: That's got it, got it. That's perfect.
iPhone: Okay, okay.
tracy jackson: So I got your message that you're still pretty uncomfortable and I reached out to our medical director as well and
tracy jackson: You know, he confirms that 24 milligrams should be should be plenty
tracy jackson: Enough.
tracy jackson: His feeling is that there are a lot of sort of behavioral cues for that kind of craving withdrawal feeling as well that no amount of Suboxone is going to really take under control and he agreed that there that
tracy jackson: Bigger doses of gabapentin may calm that down. Have you been, have you been using that
iPhone: I have and I think part of it is, I hurt my wrist this weekend, my back was acting up and I I injured my wrist picking up my son. And so I made an appointment and about I think it's about a week just have an x ray done, they want to do have it so it looks like a bone.
iPhone: Sticking out a little bit so
I know
iPhone: It's not good, but it's not that they'll prescribe anything. And obviously I was willing to talk to you first.
iPhone: Obviously don't want to take anything for that. But I, I'll let them know I'm on the Suboxone and everything, but between my back in that. I don't know if it's because I'm in more pain.
iPhone: That I'm having a worst reaction to, I don't know. I don't know if that has anything to do with how I'm feeling with the Suboxone or not, or if it's just that my not used to being in this much pain without taking anything, if that makes sense.
tracy jackson: And just the pain is equal in your wrist and you're back and you're all over
iPhone: Yeah, we'll definitely my risk of hurting the most right now. Like, that's just kind of a steady, you know, background pain, but that's definitely been increased with the wrist.
tracy jackson: Okay, and then tell me how you're taking the gap within
iPhone: I take traditionally take it six times a day. But I've also been told in the past, they can just take like three at a time, twice a day or two or two times three times. However, I want to split it up.
iPhone: To this morning. I took three of them. And I didn't notice a difference with that but just some ibuprofen, a little bit ago thinking, you know, hopefully that might take the edge off as well.
tracy jackson: Yeah, so
tracy jackson: In terms of so you have that you are sort of rotating for these symptoms you have ibuprofen Suboxone flexor ill and gabapentin
iPhone: That's correct. I don't take the flex while during the day, just because it makes me a little tired and I have to work so I usually just take that at night, if I have to. Okay.
tracy jackson: Have you
tracy jackson: Ever tried light account the prescription will used to be prescription, but it's now over the counter. I know at Walgreens. The 4% lighter King cream, the numbing
iPhone: I do have some of it. And as I have the old patches that you could put on like the kind of cooling numbing patches.
iPhone: But it's not like it's not top of aware it's hurting. It's like the actually the bone like
iPhone: I'm sure I could show you if
tracy jackson: You're thin enough the line of Cain will will seep in. You know enough if it's clear, you know, on a wrist. It's always close enough to the surface that that should be okay.
tracy jackson: I mean, the other thing is they can you know an orthopedist, and I'm sure in most states the offices have opened up for elective stuff, but they can they can do a nerve block of that risk to if it gets to be bad enough, they can go in and just
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah hopefully I years ago, I had to have an injection in the same risk because I had an issue with the same race. So they didn't injection that mine so I'm hopefully that's something that they could do but
iPhone: Again, it was just kind of like everything happening at the same time. So I wanted to talk to you.
tracy jackson: Yeah, sure, because
iPhone: I noticed, like I was getting those real hot and cold flashes all over again and just some of the symptoms I had initially that I thought were kind of dissipating
tracy jackson: Yeah.
iPhone: And then it kind of started again really bad on Sunday, and I didn't know why that would be or her
iPhone: If I was, I don't know.
tracy jackson: Do you have the capacity to check your blood pressure your or your heart rate when these things are happening.
iPhone: Yeah, I mean I could take my my pulse like my polls.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
tracy jackson: So tell me right now. Like, so how much quantity. Are you taking in a day. And when you take notice any difference.
iPhone: I am taking I did take it on Sunday and Monday and I took one and then in about three hours it took a second one. Mm hmm.
tracy jackson: And did you notice any difference in the hot and cold flashes when you were on that medicine versus not.
iPhone: I didn't notice a difference in the hot and cold so much
tracy jackson: Okay. Did you notice any difference difference at all.
iPhone: Maybe I felt a little bit more slow down, like it was a little more
iPhone: sedating or call me or whatever, however you want to term it, I felt a little bit more
iPhone: Yeah.
tracy jackson: So, so here are sort of, I'm going to give you sort of the maximum doses of what you can take and how, if I were you, I would spread them out trying to work. Okay. Okay.
tracy jackson: So you're taking the Suboxone and you're taking the film's. Is that right, is that what was
iPhone: The films. Yes.
tracy jackson: So the films generally maybe work a little better than the tablets, but which, which one is generic or how
tracy jackson: I want to make sure I can't believe they wouldn't substitute a
iPhone: Generic. I know. And I literally was like 200 and something dollars out of pocket. My insurance wouldn't do it since it was circled a brain that brand name only.
iPhone: On the prescription and I told them no generic fine. They said, No, we have to talk to the doctor.
iPhone: Wants us to do not pick them up. I can't do that either. So I had to pick them up and pay for it, but
iPhone: Yeah, generic was fun would have been fine and covered is that we're asking
tracy jackson: Yeah.
tracy jackson: And so you're taking one film three times a day every
tracy jackson: every eight hours. Okay. And then in terms of ibuprofen. Yeah. And you don't you don't take anything else containing ibuprofen know elite, you know,
tracy jackson: Aaliyah all the same. So you can take up to 2400 milligrams of ibuprofen, a day.
iPhone: Yeah, and so I usually do that when I do need it. I do I use take forward a time of the 200 milligram tablets. So I'll take four and then usually I don't do that more than twice a day because I just, I know it's not great for you, but um
tracy jackson: Well, in the short term, while you're doing while you're doing this. And while you have potentially a bony injury, I would say, let's, let's just say you take your Suboxone at 8am. OK.
iPhone: I will say,
tracy jackson: I will take your folder. Every person.
tracy jackson: At noon and then take your other Suboxone at four.
iPhone: And then you're okay.
tracy jackson: Know what I mean. So I would you can take both of those medicines every eight hours, but I would stagger them. So you're getting something every four hours.
tracy jackson: Okay, print it a ibuprofen at noon Suboxone at four ibuprofen at eight, you know, that are however
iPhone: Okay, yes.
tracy jackson: So those are the two I would do that with the Gabba Princeton, the maximum of that is 3600 a day.
tracy jackson: Yeah, and it doesn't seem to make you too, and
iPhone: It doesn't do anything.
tracy jackson: To me. Okay.
tracy jackson: Yeah, so with that one and
tracy jackson: Are you having any trouble is sleep a big problem for you or is it getting through the day. That's the problem for you.
iPhone: It's getting through the day, that's a problem. But I'm also not sleeping really well. So like I've been up since 4am I you know I was up quite late and then I slept for a little bit and I was up at four again.
iPhone: So that was bothering me. And I just woke me up and I
iPhone: Couldn't go back to sleep. So that's the problem as well.
tracy jackson: Okay, so, and
tracy jackson: What I'm gonna do with the Gabba Penton
tracy jackson: It's up to you. Do you, do you really feel like you like to have something to take all the time, or would you and you know cuz I'm worried about you getting too.
tracy jackson: Sleepy, I guess.
tracy jackson: The gabapentin really, you can do it however you know I tend to want to say like take 1200 three times a day. Take four of them at one time.
iPhone: Three times a day. Yeah.
tracy jackson: The best like kind of a big way to do it the other way is like you said you could take if you felt that that was interfering with your ability to work because it didn't necessarily make you sleepy but it can make you feel stupid.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: So you know the other option is to take like 400
tracy jackson: A couple like two or three times throughout the day. Okay.
tracy jackson: You didn't take 1200 at night.
iPhone: Okay.
tracy jackson: Just to help you just a big so depends if you can take 1200 three times a day, or you can split it up and then take 12 or 1800 at night before you go to bed at one time.
iPhone: Yeah. And I've tried that in the past because I've been on Gabba pin for quite a while so
iPhone: I have tried doing the bigger doses, you know, LATER AT NIGHT. So if I need it later at night.
iPhone: Um, so yeah, just, it doesn't really kind of to make me feel anything. I don't feel like either sleepy or stupid. I know to make in the beginning it did when I first started taking it definitely but
tracy jackson: Um, the other possibility for some of this, some of this up and down hot and cold. Is that actually could be your blood pressure, you know, going up and down. And so it's hard to know because I can't take your blood pressure. I don't know if you had
tracy jackson: That but the quantity and could actually be making that worse if your blood pressures already already to love.
tracy jackson: So again, it's a silly sort of thing. But the, you know, like aggressive hydration because the more you're dehydrated, you're in the if you're feeling diarrhea or anything, your blood vessels will constrict and relax more aggressively.
iPhone: In order to
tracy jackson: Maintain your blood volume. So the more hydrated. You are generally, the better off that hot and cold flash stuff tends to be
tracy jackson: Okay, and
tracy jackson: I would get some litecoin cream and just try it.
tracy jackson: You know, just a
tracy jackson: small thing, but I really am hesitant to I think if we increase the Suboxone it may actually cause you more side effects. And I don't think it's going to do anything.
iPhone: Okay.
tracy jackson: You know, and if you go in and they offer additional pain management, it won't do anything. So, you know, like taking 100 or whatever. It's not gonna do anything over and above.
iPhone: Exactly. Yeah. And I, and so I want to talk to you because I don't, no matter what. I don't think that they're going to offer that because I'll just talk about friends. I'm on it. But
iPhone: I really don't want to. I don't want to go back on, you know, I'm still I'm still getting through the hump on this with the Suboxone so I don't
iPhone: Want to go back at all. I don't want to go through it again, you know, and I mean, again, I'd rather just
iPhone: Get through it now and
tracy jackson: Yeah.
iPhone: I just, I was just, I was a little worried that it seemed to have been better tracking of seemed like I was going backward, as far as like that. My reaction. Yeah.
iPhone: And a little concerning yeah
tracy jackson: And to be fair, you know, like definitely their physical changes occurring because it's the transition for sure you've been on these guys for a long time. So transition
tracy jackson: And also the stress about the transition the stress about the kind of distress about the working like all that kind of stuff and just the it's just like Pavlov's dog. You know, you think about a stressful situation you go for a pill. You know you crave
tracy jackson: Alright so that is definitely can be a part of it and
tracy jackson: I'm wondering
tracy jackson: What have you like what are your sort of go to coping strategies when those things when you start to feel craving and you don't have a pill or the pills aren't working like tell me kind of walk me through kind of what you're doing in those scenarios.
iPhone: Usually I go smoke because that's
iPhone: Probably the worst response. But that's, that is what I'm used, you know, that's kind of my get super stressed out, go have a cigarette. I mean, that's usually my most what calms me down the most and fastest but
iPhone: You know, besides I know I could be doing other things like getting doing a little exercise or whatever, you know when that happens, but
iPhone: That's really it. That, you know, used to be like if I when I had, you know, Xanax or whatever. It would be like take a little bit of Xanax and calm.
iPhone: Down and then
iPhone: You know approach it that way. But that's, again, reaching for the pole solution.
tracy jackson: To. There are a lot of pills here. So, I mean, I would say like
tracy jackson: If there's if there's an app. I mean, just something like wow you're smoking the cigarette, like, go ahead and put on some headphones or have an app, whether it's like a guided meditation, whether it's something to it, whether it's, you know, one of those seven minute
tracy jackson: Squats seven. You know, I don't know. Seven minutes something some sort of distraction music like trying working on trying to cultivate something that you can just automatically do that doesn't require too much effort you know i find that
tracy jackson: A lot of people find it's helpful for people to tell them something to do. So if they just have an app loaded up or a
tracy jackson: You know, just something that you can do in the bathroom or you can do when you walk out on the porch while you're smoking. Just a little something you can plug in without thinking that either. If you're sort of person that likes the, you know, just
tracy jackson: 20 push ups or whatever. I've never found that might affect it that
iPhone: Way I could with my wrist right now. But yeah, normal yeah yeah
tracy jackson: Yeah, like a Wall Squat or it were, if it's just a matter of
tracy jackson: I'll send it on the chat to you. Now there's an awesome app called insight timer.
iPhone: Okay.
That's free
tracy jackson: That one has been probably more helpful than anything for the people in the groups that I've talked about today.
tracy jackson: There'll be a part on they're trying to get you to pay some money, but they have tons of free meditations. And again, some people will be annoying and some won't. But you can also do it by time. Like if you only have five
iPhone: Minutes.
iPhone: Or 10 minutes. Okay.
tracy jackson: Something that you can
tracy jackson: Just another source of distraction.
Sure.
iPhone: But, but you don't think anything's actually wrong with me that I'm that I'm feeling that like that's not like
iPhone: Okay.
tracy jackson: It's time for this to happen now. Certainly, if you look at the side effects of buprenorphine.
tracy jackson: Some people can report, insomnia, a little anxiety, you know all the things like just like if you looked at the side effects, we will have a wide range of responses. And in general, by and large, what we see.
tracy jackson: Is that a lot of it just has to do with their other things other than the opioid binding receptors that are at play here when I when you
iPhone: Okay.
tracy jackson: If you it's off, you put Suboxone there to keep the sort of opioid craving a day. But there's a
tracy jackson: Lot of underlying sort of
tracy jackson: Anxiety and other things that that are just either not as not managed as well. Are you there.
iPhone: Yeah, I don't know what just happened.
iPhone: Yeah, okay.
tracy jackson: And so hopefully, you know, I think you have an appointment with the therapist in one week. Is that right,
iPhone: I believe so, yes.
tracy jackson: On the 12th. I made sure that that I've seen if they can move that appointment up
tracy jackson: But also if you feel that you just need to call and check in that everything's okay that you're safe. I'm traveling back to the States, hopefully on this.
tracy jackson: On this humanitarian flight on Friday. So somebody will be available at bright heart of another physician to learn
tracy jackson: But, you know, if you want to check in with me and another couple of days or whatever. After you tried this. And the other thing need you can add
tracy jackson: Is Tylenol and it sounds silly but you know talent all was invited and Tylenol is in Percocet. So there's other medicines work better. So you can take up to six extra shank talent all the day as well too.
tracy jackson: So you can plug those in. So if, if some of the cues and the anxiety is, you know, just wanting to know you have a pill or something and something new to try, you can add that in. Because sometimes
tracy jackson: It makes the other things work better. Even though by itself. It doesn't tend to do too much.
iPhone: Right, right.
tracy jackson: But you did sort of acutely stop Tylenol as well. You know when you
iPhone: Guys, true. Yeah.
tracy jackson: Adding that back in for whatever that's worth
tracy jackson: And maximizing the doses of what you're doing but on a more consistent basis, you know, you make sure you have something every four hours, and it's trying to incorporate one thing
tracy jackson: Whether it's a, you know, while you're smoking listening to an insight timer doing some stretching. Just something forward folding in yoga just leaning forward and letting your right
tracy jackson: Your rag doll is a super grounding thing or your legs up the wall playing
tracy jackson: Your legs up the wall, you can try this thing.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm wondering if I'm just feeling pain more acutely now because I'm actually feeling it for the first time.
iPhone: You know, to me, and not covering it up and now my back feels like so much
iPhone: Worse and my wrist is whatever but my back is just like it's constant. It's just, it won't stop and I guess I, you know, I'm wondering if I just it was always like that. I just didn't feel it as much. I don't know.
tracy jackson: And honestly, there is it so when that so you have the capacity to feel more pain because of the way that the affiliates have always been on the receptors.
tracy jackson: And so that does go up a little bit and there's no question when you're not getting good sleep. And when you're anxious as well because of the transition is this going to work the uncertainty about it. Yeah.
tracy jackson: That will dial the volume up on your typical pain signal.
tracy jackson: So okay, so don't discount the fact that, you know, your receptors are pretty covered, you know, the Neurontin covers the same receptors, sort of, is the Xanax kind of stuff. The Suboxone is covering the other receptors.
tracy jackson: It's just also a matter of making sure that your body and environment feel safe, you know, that's where the chariot back the breathing, like all that will help you know so it's multimodal manner management.
iPhone: Basically you're okay.
tracy jackson: All the receptors. You've got the muscle relaxant, you've got the other things on board and now just incorporating those other adjuncts to help when it really like when you would use a cigarette, doing things that you can
tracy jackson: Do pretty quickly.
tracy jackson: A chair yoga session a breeding session just really trying to prioritize those things as well.
tracy jackson: Okay, she through the next little bit and I'll see you Thursday anyway.
iPhone: Yeah, exactly. Um, is there is there an alternative to the flexible. I find that like when I'm taking that it's I don't feel a lot of benefit from it in my muscles and it makes my mouth super dry on that's normal, but
iPhone: Like I'm having that kind of reaction to it and I was
iPhone: All through the day, like I'm taking them at night like today all day at my mouth is so dry can hardly speak without drinking every two minutes. I don't know if you have a suggestion on that.
tracy jackson: Have you ever been on to zanna dean or Zana flex know so I can try that one for you. It has much less than dry mouth, and the flexor ill. It can be studying so I'll write two to four, which is one to two
tracy jackson: every eight hours. So it kind of same schedule. You can mix it around, but I would definitely take the first is when you're not working.
iPhone: And I
tracy jackson: Just want to be seen to see and listen. If you're sort of it works in a different way than flip through but in results. So muscle relaxation, but it's much more likely to sedate you so I would
tracy jackson: Try that.
iPhone: At least
tracy jackson: He sleep.
iPhone: You know, and if yeah yeah
tracy jackson: Well, then you can take it three times a day.
tracy jackson: And say ever makes sense for you so
tracy jackson: I'll call that in for you today. And so we can try that. Let's really make it in
tracy jackson: One thing that you can do this more of a sort of cognitive calming exercise.
iPhone: Yeah, just downloaded one this morning, my work actually sent us something on that. So we just all downloaded that wrong.
So,
iPhone: My mindfulness or something. Mindfulness app, something like that. So,
tracy jackson: So try that. Because really, that will dial up the pain signal and it will start to
tracy jackson: You know, that sort of
tracy jackson: The stress that you have a million reasons to have to get all that is going to be sort of resistant to pills, unless you're totally numbed out, you know, right.
tracy jackson: It's just, I'm trying to find that balance. So I'll call you standing. But don't take the flux ruins insanity saying
iPhone: No, no, no. Y'all just got rid of the flex all, I think at this point because
iPhone: It's, I don't like the results and and then it won't be an issue going forward to do the generic of the. Is there a difference between the generic and the name brand at all or no.
tracy jackson: What some CDs. I'm going to call them just to avoid any confusion.
iPhone: See it's CVS.
iPhone: It's the one that they, I guess they just that they circled it on the last prescription that it was to be name brand only and so they wouldn't do generic
tracy jackson: Okay so CDs on what road and what town.
iPhone: Washington and it would say Palm Desert or bring it to do. And so I'm not sure which one that goes under the Palm Desert.
tracy jackson: Okay, great. I will. I'll give them a call. Now, just to make sure that's not going to be an issue. And then I'll see you
tracy jackson: Okay, okay.
iPhone: And then Thursday at five o'clock or 530 is it
tracy jackson: This Thursday is the, you know, I had said 530 for you. That's the pain meeting, but because we're still working with your prescriptions and I want
iPhone: To
tracy jackson: Talk to you more. Let's do 130 on Thursday.
iPhone: 130 Thursday. Okay, perfect.
iPhone: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much.
iPhone: Good luck on your flight home. I hope that they look and
tracy jackson: They work. I see.
iPhone: Thank you. Bye bye.